KAYCE BASQUES: Hey,
hey, welcome back.
We've got a bunch
of new stuff coming
to Dev Tools in Chrome
62, including two new ways
to take screenshots.
To take a screenshot of
a specific HTML node,
such as this header here, select
the node in the Elements panel,
open the Command menu by
pressing Command-Shift-P on Mac
or Control-Shift-P
on Windows and Linux,
type node, then select
Capture Node Screenshot.
To take a screenshot of a
portion of the viewport,
click Inspect hold
Command on Mac or Control
on Windows and Linux, then drag
your mouse over the portion
that you want to screenshot.
Here's what's new
in the console.
As you may know,
the await operator
lets you write synchronous
promise-based code that
doesn't block the main thread.
When you're tinkering
around in the console,
you can now use await in
your top-level statements.
If you've got a lot
of the messages locked
to your console, you can
now filter out the noise
by typing a minus
sign in the filter
box followed by some text.
If that text occurs in
the message or the file
name that created a
message, then the console
hides that message.
You can also filter by URLs now.
In the filter box,
type URL colon
followed by a portion
of a script file name,
and then the console
only shows messages
that came from that file.
When you want to inspect all
objects of a certain type,
you can now call the
new queryObjects API
to get the job done quickly.
Just pass in a
constructor, and DevTools
returns an array of all
objects in the heap that
were instantiated
with that constructor.
Here we've got a page
with four buttons.
Within the I-frame, we can
see a JavaScript reference
to button one.
And down here in
this script block,
we can see references to
buttons two and three.
When we pass HTML button
element to queryObjects,
the console returns
an array that
includes buttons two and three.
For security reasons,
to use this array
in subsequent statements we
need to manually store it
as a global variable.
Button four isn't
included because there's
no reference to it in
the JavaScript heap,
and button one isn't
included because it's
in a different context.
When we change the console
context to the I-frame
and then run
queryObjects again, we
can see button one, as expected.
In the Elements panel, you
can now visualize CSS grids.
Hover over an element that has
display grid applied to it,
and you can see the grid that's
affecting the element's layout.
This also works when the
parent of the element
has display grid applied to it.
In the Network panel, it's
now easy to share network
recordings with your colleagues,
thanks to the new HAR imports
feature.
To load a HAR file,
just drag and drop it
into the Network panel.
And in case you didn't know,
to save a network recording,
right click the Request
table and select
Save As HAR With Content.
In the Coverage tab, you
now get even more detail
about which code your
page actually uses.
Before, the Coverage tab
marked every line of a function
as used so long as the
function was caught.
But now the Coverage
tab shows you
which blocks of code
within each function
are actually being used.
If you've built
progressive web apps,
you might have noticed
that cache debugging can
be a little rough
around the edges.
The big problem was that the
Dev Tools UI didn't reflect
cache updates in real time.
In Chrome 62, the
experience is much better.
Here I've got a demo that
lets me create, update,
and delete the cache.
The Dev Tools UI now
updates in real time
when a cache is created, same
with creating a resource.
Also new in Chrome
62, you can now
view the contents of a
resource by clicking on it.
The preview also
updates in real time
when the contents of
that resource change.
That does it for Chrome
62, thanks for watching.
Tweet us @ChromeDevTools or
start a thread in the mailing
list to discuss these changes.
And subscribe to the Chrome
Developer's YouTube channel
to keep up with the
latest trends in web dev.
We'll be back in six
weeks for Chrome 63.